"Environment -
we sat indoor (with air-con), clean, tidy. There were not many people on that night, but i can imagine the place being a little noisy if fully filled-up.
Service -
good. attentive, not hard-selling
Food that we've tried-
Fine de claire oyster -...More"
"The food is sophisticated and well executed and the service is very attentive. However the ambience lets it down slightly, hence the 4 stars.
We had the lobster bisque which was very good, the ravioli in the bisque was particularly yummy. Then we had the...More"
We had dinner in this restaurant. The food was extremely good, I loved the fish tartare starter and the sea bass I ordered. Desserts are a must try especially the chocolate mousse. Service is very professional. Chef Pablo the owner is a very nice man....More
"I’ve eaten here on several occasions The service has always been good and the food usually excellent. However on this occasion was not up to the standard expected especially when you’re paying top dollar.
The Wine in particular was grossly overpriced and on top of...More"
We just having our Dinner here , got very much impressed with the overall quality & service , the hospitality and food is very good , if you know what a good food is like they will serve you. I would love to come again.
absolute fabulous place,fantastic food, gourmet style very exclusive and creative. We come to this place every time we visit Phuket, and quality is constant, try the foi gras ravioli the fabulous duck and the dedos tuna. This is the only non hotel restaurant in the...More
"Dined hear last year when we were on holiday,so decided to go back and we were not disappointed.
Excellent service by a very helpful young lady, dined upstairs and had a wonderful meal.
We both had the rack of lamb which was superb!!"
"Very disappointed, very inferior food, service ok, price extortionate.
Not to be recommended, sent back first course of ravioli with fois gras and mushroom sauce! Main course of lamb cutlets, very under cooked, did ask for medium/rare but they were also tasteless and fatty, served...More"
Visited DeDos by chance one evening and what a gem we found. Young Russian head of service was excellent and could not have looked after us any better. Super service, fantastic food by Pablo the owner/chef. Very good selection of wines. I recommend the Lobster...More
"A nice place to enjoy good kitchen work
I had the opportunity to meet a friend there and could enjoy a delicious degustation menu of 5 diffrent plates
together with recomended wines for each plate
The owner is Swiss and the base of his cooking...More"
"Been coming to DeDos since 2013, never disappointed by the friendly staff and food quality.
The fantastic bread with home made butter on the side followed by the complimentary soup entree are very welcoming. This time for a group of 5 we had the chili...More"
My wife and I dined in this restaurant although there was only one other couple in the food was excellent. The staff were very attentive and it was an enjoyable experience
I had such a wonderful night at this lovely French Cuisine. Kicking off my dinner with a shot of Carrot Ginger Cappucino offered by a chef. Quite yummy! Then, a dish of Foie Gras Poele which was absolutely heavenly. My main course was Rack of...More
"This was the highlight of our trip to Phuket!
Great food, excellent service, cosy atmosphere!!!
The fusion food was a combination of Asian, Latinamerican and French cuisine- we absolutely enjoyed it!"
We just had an absolutely fabulous dinner here! Chef is a real professional and a very nice men! Very friendly and professional staff! Not cheap but worst every penny spent! Highly recommended!
This small but intimate restaurant is well worth a visit, professional and friendly service which offers a warm and friendly atmosphere. The menu offers a an extensive choice of wonderful food offering something too suit everyone's taste at a very reasonable price. One not too...More
We decided to visit this restaurant based on the strength of the ratings in TA. However, when we arrived, our hearts sank. We drove nearly 1 hour to get to a small and decrepit looking establishment that had no customers. Old and cheap looking menus...More
We wanted to try DeDos for a special dinner with family visitors. There was nothing actually wrong with the food, it was just a little passé and predictable and a bit too rich and heavy. The oysters were not available and we were promised crepe...More
We had the joy of dinning at DeDos during our stay in Phuket and we loved every minute of it. The food was fantastic, the restaurant is cozy and the staff couldn't be nicer. Dinning at DeDos was the high-point of our culinary experience in...More
Dedos catered for my latest birthday party at home. Professional service and freshly prepared and stunningly tasty canapés. We love the restaurant too for high end sophisticated dining. A great find in Phuket.
We stopped here on a whim & because of the time of year, there was certainly no issue with crowds. Service is impeccable although I can't quite get used to the waiters hovering so attentively. Food was very good (but not exceptional - my dish...More
good food , nice deco , fine dinning . sometimes the food is too salty but most of time is good . not cheap , special occasion place .
Multiple complimentary flavours and complimentary delivery. Service team were spot on. Chic yet not over the top decor. Fabulous chef!
We have visited DeDos and i was satisfied with food and service. The place was clean and it was nice spending time for dinner here.
The service is very nice, food is yummy. There are some French dishes but not all. The food comes with a good portion and worth for its price.
"I had a girls dinner here with my 2 friends. It was a particularly hot evening and we were just unable to get the room cool enough to not be sweaty.
The food was yummy and of good quality however, the menu selection and presentation...More"
"Dropped in 2 times last year and just today again.
Service is very good and the kitchen has remained first class.
Let it be the beef tartar or the frog legs or the spaghetti with everything you can dream of from a fish market. Steak...More"
The fish Dory was pretty tasteless but the mushroom sauce was good. I was asked if I wanted water to which I said yes and specified the requirement for Normal water. To my surprise, was charged B100 for a bottle of Evian water and on...More
Small and extremely busy restaurant so reservation a must. Beautifully decorated with extra seating upstairs. We were a party of 5, all ordering different things but all the food was very good and well presented. There is something for everyone on the menu. A bit...More
"We have been in De Dos on Friday week ago and it was my second time there.
Xmas eve dinner was fine but last time :((
I had seafood pasta and it was disgusting. Small scallops and mussels were not fresh so test of sauce...More"
Had fab steaks the first twice but last time steaks not so good disappointed as lovely restaurant and wonderful staff
Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here in Phuket - husband had the lamb and it was out of this world! Cooked to perfection and accompanied by amazing gratin. I had the most fantastic foie gras with brioche and fig and can't overstate how amazing that was....More
We were in this restaurant several years ago, the day before yesterday and yesterday. It was a great pleasure to meet the same chef and staff and of course to have delicious dinners!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>The menu is not big but each dish is a masterpiece<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>its also important...More
"Only occasionally do I need a break from thai food and when I do, I like something reasonably simple, well presented and above all tasty.
From the reviews on TripAdvisor and the advertised link to Paul Bocuse I had high expectations, but sadly this failed...More"
My experience of this restaurant is very mixed. My husband and I had dinner there and it started out brilliantly! The carrot and ginger complimentary 'cappuccino' was absolutely delicious :). However, I had warned the staff that I cannot eat anything with garlic in it....More
Friendly service, good food but the price was way over the top. The interior is a bit tacky and the food was presented unnecessarily grandly. It did not quite work as an overall style. We paid 2/3rd the price for better food/atmosphere next door.
We have been there for a family dinner. When we arrived we were surprised by the place. It is a small, almost hidden chef restaurant circled by touristic places. The restaurant is along a big road. We had been looking more for beach restaurants so...More
Quiet ambience. Excellent service. food was the best we had here. Worth every penny spent. Dinner here is a.must
"The menu is quite extensive with a lot to choose from.
Every dish we had was excellent and alot of effort was put into the presentation. Service was perfect."
"This restaurant offers excellent dinner food, sitting in a very clean room with table cloth (!) and very good service
Excellent Tournedos Rossini
Wine very good )Marques de Ribeiro)
Price justified
I will come back for sure! Living in Phuket this restaurant offers a good...More"
We had a wonderful evening at Dedos.The restaurant is looks so good.The service excellent.And the food is delicious.Thank you for the nice service..We gonna come back defenitly.
"We visited Dedos with another couple as we wanted to try the Fois Gras ...... other than being dissapointed with the food we were nearly knocked over by the prices! It is not value for money at all...
The food was cooked very well but...More"
The owner Pablo is just an amazing cook and you can talk to him in english or swiss language! The restaurant is small but very nice and has a touch of luxury. You will be treated like a king by the staff and they can...More
"Menu choice and food were excellent. Well presented and waitress very knowledgeable about food and it's preparation.
Chef/owner very friendly and keen to ensure everything was just right.
House white wine good choice and value.
Pick up service from hotel perfect."
"There with my friends and we had dinner upstairs and very pleasant
The service was good and the food was very new wave"
Oriental/classic setting with an interesting menu with "bundled" choices. Let them advise you and you will be pleased.
It is always a pleasure to return to Dedos every time we are in Phuket. Great appetizer like ceviche, lobster bisque, Gambas al ajilio. For the main, the beef with foie gras or lamb are my favorite. Service is good and kind. Wine list has...More
We came here on our final evening in Phuket and very much wished it had been our first so we could come again. We have eaten in many restaurants over the last 20 years, so it is something when we say we had one of...More
"I don't know what it is about Chef owned restaurants? Perhaps a quality chef with freedom to express is the right recipe for an ownership structure.
Bottom line is of this Resturant was in a major city it would have 1 or 2 Michelin stars....More"
After an excellent dinner at a nearby restaurant (which I wrote a review for on TripAdvisor as well), we decided to pop by DeDos for a mid evening dinner. I wasn't hungry at all but had seen good reviews of this place so I decided...More
What a find! Our first evening in Phuket and exploring the village outside the Laguna complex. Not sure where to eat when suddenly a downpour caught us out. We were welcomed into a small place and seated upstairs. When we saw the menu we realised...More
There are far much more better dining options in the area. Small portions, unreasonably high prices.
"Okay it isn't asian food. It is fine dining at its best. Not over the top, it's a quaint set up that focuses on the Gastronomic experience.
We had a bunch of the entrees, the tartar was the highlight as well as the pasta with...More"
If you come to Phuket be sure to stop and eat here. great food and service. There are also shuttle from Laguna which is great. Perfect combination of local and tourist hangot and dine.
"While having afternoon tea in our hotel lobby we overheard some other guests talking about a restaurant which is run by a Swiss chef. They advised us about DeDos. What a great advise it was.
DeDos has a pick-up service which is really handy. Our...More"
Very friendly staffs, but then again it appears the whole of phuket have friendly people. Food is fine dining and may be a bit pricey for the experience is well worth it. They even provide transport to and from hotel. Online reservation available at their...More
We are very surprise to find such a good French restaurant in Phuket. The truffle pasta is really good. Entree is amazing .
Must visit this place if you stay in the laguna area. They have free pick-up service. Don't forget to try some of the nice coctails!
"It was just okay. It could have been a lot better but our food was served cold which was a huge disappointment at those prices.
The Caesar salad should have been described as a bacon lettuce wrap. The steak tartare was warm.
The wine is...More"
Initially we were a bit skeptical of a French fusion type restaurant in Thailand, but we were quickly converted. Our favorite was the scallop entree, with scallops cooked to absolute perfection in a beautifully balanced sauce. We also enjoyed the tartare duo for entree. Mains...More
A very reliable place, have been a number of times,mainly for Tapas and drinks with friends,affordable and wonderful Thai service.
This is a cute little fine dining restaurant that we just happened to come across and decided to try last minute. We were not disappointed. The menu is kind of small but all the dishes looked great making it hard to decide. The menu is...More
"We walked outside the Laguna main entrance and found Dedos. A small restaurant offering a fusion of Asian, Italian and French Cuisine. Food was excellent and the service was great.
Sashimi and Seabass were great.
Great dining experience."
"great food, affordable and great service
we love coming here whenever we are in Phuket. walking distance to our hotel and a lot of shops and restaurant around the area"
It was our first time in Thailand and in Phuket for that matter. We are massive lovers of fine dining and appreciate and applaud the art of cooking. As a couple, we have travelled a lot and currently live in Los Angeles where there are...More
"We came to this restaurant two years ago and couldn't wait to eat there again.
It was simply fantastic in every way. The food is delicious and presented impeccably as with the cocktails. Delightful attentive staff. I can't recommend this restaurant enough."
"Had dinner in this great place 2 times and both Visits have been Highlights.
Lot of ok places in bang tao as well as surin beach area but DeDos is outstanding. Service as well as atmosphere supported by top quality products. We will go again...More"
We sat and the menu sounded great! Unfortunately we had vegetarian friends with us and there was not a single option for them. We had to change our plans and pick another place for dinner.
We visited here on the last night of our holiday. The food was excellent, and well worth future visits.The evening of our visit was a religious festival, and therefore no alcohol could be served. This was fine,and I would say, it would have proved quite...More
Definitely the best meals we have had whilst visiting Phuket, a must for anyone to try. You won't be disappointed
We celebrated my dad's 75th birthday with 31 of his closest friends and family in Phuket. I chose Dedos as the venue for the first night and our guests were absolutely delighted! I had liaisoned with Chef Pablo from India and he was very accommodating...More
Great venue love going here not cheap however well worth the money.Service first class food just right, when your leaving you just won't to go there again fantastic meal and nice wine.
Recommended by the hotel staff / friend and based on the tripadvisor review, we came here for dinner. Not full house hence we enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. Wonderful food with good selection of French wine. Given this is a French restaurant, I ordered the Crêpe...More
Went there for dessert only following some recommendations for crepes suzette. Tried their wine which was good quality for the price. It's hard to find a good wine in Thailand. The crêpes were great but a bit sweet for my taste. The place was full...More
we found this gem through an article in a german travel guide, Marco Polo that had it registred as a secret tip and referred to it as a unique experience. We were absolutly delighted to visit this world of culinary art that we had never...More
Last night we went there and really enjoyed the special taste of food and also lovely atmosphere, the waiters are very polite, and Mr. Chief also cares a lot for his customers,,,, highly recommended place to have wonderful french cuisine !!!!
Decided to try this restaurant having passed it by many times when in Phuket. The complimentary soup was tasty but the sea bass did not taste the freshest and the wagymu steak was tender but fatty. The ice cream with espresso and amaretto was watery...More
Very good European level cuisine. Very tasty food for very good money. Transfers are provided for free for all Laguna's hotels guests. Try Crêpe Suzette here and you will be back.
We decided to give this a try as we had eaten at Paul Bocuse Restaurant in Lyon. Situated near to our hotel, that offer a free taxi pick up service. Having asked if there was a bar area to have pre dinner drinks and told...More
I made reservations online and Chef Pablo personally replied to my email. We were picked up at the Hotel lobby on time (6 adults and 2 kids). Were greeted at the restaurant and our table was ready. Top notch service from cocktails...everything was delicious and...More
I visited again this fantastic little Restaurant twice this week. The food is absolutaly outstanding and the service is excellence. This is the place for food lovers
"The food was superb, great pasta, salads and deserts. Service was friendly knowledgable and efficient, however .............
We were seated upstairs with several Russian families with young children. They ran riot, climbing under tables, playing hide and seek, i tripped over one coming back from...More"
Visited twice on our most recent trip.. Even during the very busy Christmas and New Year period the food was excellent and the service very good
Dinned here twice now during our 2 week stay. I had Gamberoli to start and then the duck my partner had they same starter but followed with Sea bass all was excellent we were both in agreement. Not on the cheapside but definitely worth it....More
De Do's has a lovely ambience, food and menu. A nice twist to fusion food without being too overwhelming. Everything we ordered was excellent!
Don't be put off if it's quiet, really good food. Service was great and they accommodate kids no problem
Interesting menu, chef trying to be innovative, but not always successful. The duck breast stuffed with prawns was just not quite right. The sauce was great, but my duck was tough and over cooked, prawns overcooked too. Loved the tuna and salmon tartares. Good service,...More
My wife and I and two children had an excellent dinner at DeDos on 30 october 2015. The food was excellent, the service was excellent. We returned to the restaurant the next day. The chef came to talk with us after our dinner. We will...More
"Dedos is a French restaurant with Asian touch just outsie of Phuket Lagoona.
The food is exellent, the service is perfect and the prices are reasonable for such kind of restaurant. The chef and his wife are very friendly and even pick you up from...More"
my husband and I had a wonderful anniversary dinner at dedos last night. the food was awesome. the service was excellent. we felt comfortable from the moment that we walked in the door. the chef even took time to talk to us after our dinner....More
"Very good food we shared the foie gras ravioli, then Sea Bass and also Rack of Lamb with the DeDos mouse shared to finish all great tastes and well cooked
Staff were attentive but not imposing so added to a great experience
Would definitely visit...More"
First visit in that restaurant (we had many good recommendations), but not the last for sure! Very nice aperitif, delicious starters (4 scallops perfectly cooked and frog legs), and fine main course (flight & tide and duck breast, delicious). No more dessert (we were "im")...More
I went to this restaurant during our stay in Phuket Laguna. They sent a shuttle to pick us up from the hotel and drop us back free of charge and the waitresses met us with umbrellas as it was raining. The service was great and...More
The service was excellent. The duck was cooked to perfection. Thoroughly enjoyable meal. A must try when in Phuket! Will definitely go again
We came here to celebrate our engagement and it was fantastic. DeDos can be compared to Londons Asia De Cuba and is truely michelin star worthy.
"We were picked up from our hotel bag on schedule and had a pleasant chat with the manageress (?) or at the very least the chef's girlfriend on the ride in.
It was Mother's Day in Thailand on this particular night and upon arrival my...More"
Lovely restaurant owner by a South American-Swiss chef. Everything was good, but his tartare was truly noteworthy. Go have a drink at Siam Supper Club next door pre-/post-dinner.
This place is a little more pricey than a few restaurants in the area, but extra price is always to be expected with French gastronomy. The food was incredible, as was the mango delight cocktail (kinda spicy). Only negative thing was it was a little...More
Good quality food and wine with very good (too good) service. The chef is a little wasted in this size restaurant but that is good for us locals
During our honeymoon we went here to have dinner at it was excellent. The chef actually made it to our table to introduce himself and check up on us. Food was reasonably priced and good portions. excellent meat!
